c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\Financeiro.dll.config
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\Financeiro.dll
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\Financeiro.pdb
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\obj\Debug\Financeiro.Migrations.TabelasIniciais.resources
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\obj\Debug\Financeiro.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\obj\Debug\Financeiro.dll
c:\users\sequenza\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Financeiro\Financeiro\obj\Debug\Financeiro.pdb
